## BinaryContent
BinaryContent is an example project demonstrating the use of Android [ContentProviders][1]
to deliver "large" binary data to a client application.

The applicaion consists of a simple list activity, a content provider and a small service.

### ImageListActivity
The list activity queries the provider for a list of items consisting of an ID and an image.
In this case the image is just a random image generated by using the id as a random seed. The IDs
used are also random numbers.

### ImageCreateService
The service is a simple IntentService which is used to create the random images asynchonously
when they are first needed. The ContentResolver is only notified when all requests are completed
to prevent excessive stuttering when scrolling the list.

### ImagesProvider
This class contains the ContentProvider of this application. The `query(...)` and `openFile(...)` methods
contain the interesting part of the example project. The `query(...)` method creates a Cursor
containing three columns:

 *  `_id`  which is the standard ID column. This column is also used as text in
    the list activity. 
 * `image_data` which signals the ContentResolver that the `image` column contains a `content://`
    URI that should be used to retrieve large binary data. 
 * `image` contains a `content://` URI pointing to the same ContentProvider. This URI is
    passed to `openFile(...)` by the ContentResolver.
   
The `openFile(...)` method in the ImagesProvider extracts the ID from the URI and tries to get the
image with the provided ID. If the image does not exist an intent will be created starting the
ImageCreateService and a default image will be passed to the caller.

Note that there is a default implementation for `openFile(...)` in the ContentProvider class which
reads the binary contents from a filename specified by the `image_data` column, which is probably
sufficient for most applications. This implementation shows how it is possible to get more control
by providing an own implementation of the binary data handling.

 [1]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/providers/content-providers.html
